===============================================================
 West Yorkshire Python User Group Meeting - Thurs. 14 November
===============================================================

---------------------------------------
Talk/Demos: Geist UI Automation Library
---------------------------------------

This month Tony Simpson from The Test People (TTP) will be unveiling
the Geist UI Automation Library which has been developed by The Test
People and is being released under a permissive open source licence.

About the session
=================

Geist is a Python library which provides a simple API for writing code
which does visual automation of a user interface, this allows you to
write programs or tests which interact with visual interfaces in a way
similar to a human user.

TTP has developed Geist to allow them to reduce the time taken to
implement functional and performance testing on technologies that are
diverse or resistant to UI Object automation approached.

Things that will be covered:

* The history and future of Geist;
* The Geist library and how it works;
* Discussion around applicability and approach.

Who's it for?
=============
This session should be suitable for all. Anyone with an interest in
automation or testing may find it particularly interesting.

Date and Time
=============

Thursday 14 November.  Talk at 7.30.

If you want to arrive before the talk, The venue will be open from
about 6.30.  We will be finished at around 9, and we will be going to
the pub afterwards.

Location
========

We will be meeting at the offices of The Test People:

| Floor 3
| Albion Court
| Albion Place
| Leeds
| West Yorkshire,
| LS1 6JL

You will need to call Peter on 07763570860 for access, as we can't
hear the buzzer at the door.


About the Group
===============

The West Yorkshire Python User Group (WYPy) have been meeting monthly
since 2007.  Our meetings are free, and usually include at least one
talk, as well as a trip to the pub.

Our website is at http://wypy.org.uk .  We discuss our meetings on the
Python Yorkshire and Humberside Google Group
http://groups.google.com/group/python-yorks-humber/ and you can also
follow us on Twitter at @WYPython.
